chore: add lefthook git hooks and contributor docs (#94)
telekom/gateway-kong-charts: AGENTS.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2026 Deutsche Telekom AG

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC0-1.0
-->

# AGENTS.md — gateway-kong-charts

## Project
- Helm chart deploying the Kong-based API gateway (Open Telekom Integration Platform).

## Docs generation
- `README.md` is GENERATED by helm-docs from `README.md.gotmpl` + `values.yaml`. Never edit `README.md` directly.

> - Regenerate: `helm-docs --chart-search-root=.`

Reviewer: AFAIK it's enough to run just `helm-docs`, why the additional flag?

> - CI enforces an up-to-date README (helm-docs pinned to 1.14.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CI enforces an up-to-date README via `helm-docs`.
```

Version here is only unnecessary maintenance
